# Further Development

Having completed the project, I believe that there are a number of potential improvements that could be made to continue it's development and expand it's functionality.

One of the ways that the project could be further developed would be to display favourites in another more visually appealing way. For instance on the favourites page there could be an image of the world map, with the cities that the user had saved to their favourites marked on it. This would be a more visually appealing way to display the information and would make it easier for the user to see where the cities are located, particularly in relation to each other and if they had never actually been there before.

Another way that the project could be further developed in the future would be to allow the user to make different types of searches. For instance, allowing the user to search by country or continent, and returning a list of the major cities that the user could then select from. This would be beneficial to the user since it would allow them to find a range of potential cities that they think would be worth visiting if they were planning a trip to a particular country or continent.

A potential way that the project could be integrated with another DFCorp application would be providing some integration with the DFCorp Airport software. The Airport software is used to manage the capacity of an Airport but also relies on the tracking of the weather in order to make decisions about whether or not planes are allowed to take off and land. By integrating the two applications, the Airport software could use the weather data from the Travel Info app to make more informed decisions about whether or not it is safe to allow planes to take off and land based on data from the API called in the Travel Info app. However, there are significant risks involved with this, as the data from the API may not be accurate and could lead to planes being grounded unnecessarily, which would be costly for the airline. Additionally, the limits imposed on the app on the number of requests that could be made to OpenWeatherMap would make it difficult to use the app in a real-time environment, as the data may not be available when it is needed.

Another potential way that the project could be further developed would be to allow the user to see a more diverse amount of information about each of the cities they search for, for instance data about any of the notable or popular landmarks in the chosen city. This could be achieved using the Google Place Search API, which would allow the user to see a list of the most popular landmarks in and around a chosen city. This would be beneficial to the user as it would allow them to see what there is to do in a city that they are planning to visit, and would allow them to make a more informed decision about whether or not they would like to visit the city, based on the notable attractions in the area. However, there are significant risks involved with this, as the data from the API may not be accurate and could lead to the user being misinformed about the attractions in the area, which could lead to them being disappointed when they arrive in the city. Additionally, the usage of APIs in general can lead to security risks, as the data from the API may not be secure and could lead to the user's data being compromised if significant authentication and verification measures are not put in place.